[Autogenerated] Now let's take a look at how we can use the
composed tool that we saw earlier to convert this project code
with Dan Docker services from Docker Compose services to the
different kubernetes resource files.
So coming back into the project,
the first thing I need to do is set to environment variables.
And we did this earlier, so I'm gonna go through this pretty quickly.
But Docker Compose needs these.
If we scroll down just a little bit,
you'll see these environment variables are embedded into our are XAML.
So I got to set those.
Now we're gonna be in PowerShell in this example,
so we're gonna use that technique again.
But if you're on Mac or Linux,
you could just do the export that you see so we'll do the PowerShell way.
All right?
And now that those are set we can, go ahead and run the composed cmdlet.
So before we do that,
let's review the services again that we have that are going to be converted.
So we have moving on down and engine X,
we have knowed and we have mongo and red is you'll see red is right there.
So the first thing is, let's make sure that composes installed.
We saw that earlier.
It's very easy to get installed on Mac, Linux or Windows,
so I'm just gonna hit, compose center and looks good.
We want to run the convert command.
So let's do composed, convert dash H and review the flags.
So we need cache F If we had an alternate composed file names such as
Docker Compose Prod or some other name that you're using in this case,
I don't technically need it, but I'm gonna go ahead and add it.
And then if we move on up, we'll have dash Oh,
for where we want to write the output.
And then, of course,
we talked about some others you can do standard out you
confined volume types and all kinds of fun.
So we'll go ahead and do compose, convert.
And then I'm gonna do dash just to show it we can do
Docker Compose XAML and then dash Oh, where do we wanna put it?
So I'm gonna say we want to go to a local folder and I called it output.
You'll notice this is currently empty,
but that's where we're gonna dump the XAML output and that's it.
So we can hit.
Enter let it do its work,
and then we're going to compare a few of these to show you what it generates.
All right, so let's close these,
and we're gonna come on into our output folder here and
you'll notice it generated quite a bit for us.
Big time saver.
So let's go into the engine next deployment,
and then I'm gonna go into the final version,
and I'm gonna drag that over and we'll compare the side by side.
All right, let's look at what was changed here.
So first off, you'll notice Starting right at the top.
We have our metadata and our annotations,
and I didn't need those, so I took pretty much all that out right there.
You'll see off to the right.
I also simplify the labels, and I just haven't app in genetics.
Of course,
this name right here would be whatever your company naming
scheme might be for your different deployment,
you might have a specific rule.
You have to follow, for example, but now you can easily change that.
Now, moving on down,
you'll notice that I also simplify the match labels here
instead of Iowa composed services again.
I just did app, _____ NICs.
And then if we move on down to our spec, you could see right above it.
We have our template app.
VPNs Next.
Now they have quite a bit more.
They have metadata and in their labels.
You'll see.
I just changed this one here,
and I got rid of the label I wasn't using right up above,
moving on down.
Further.
You'll notice the container comparison here.
If we kind of line these up best we can.
The image is the same.
The ports are the same.
Everything that's pretty critical is the same now.
I could certainly enhance this,
though we might add resource limits such as our memory
Max and CPU Max and things like that.
I change the image pol policy to, if not present.
You may or may not need that, and other than that,
I stripped out the other things you'll see over here.
The volumes and all the service account name the restart policy.
But those maybe things you need really depends on your set up.
Now let's go back in and let's do the same thing now for note,
so we'll add that one and then we'll compare it to our no deployment.
That's the final one.
And it's gonna be the same exact story.
Except in this case, there's gonna be a slight tweak.
Now,
the first thing is you notice I have a config map because this particular
environment variable That would be said in this case,
nodemon er score environment to production.
It's only used by this particular deployment, so I chose to put it in this file.
You may want it in a separate file.
That's what they did.
Now I also stripped out all the metadata again and I simplified the label.
You'll see iOS compose service versus just app Note.
Aside from that, if we come on in,
you'll notice I stripped out here the metadata again in my match.
Labels and selector simplified that.
But this part here that references a config map key.
Ref, this is actually very,
very similar is just that I put my config map at the top of the file.
So you see, I'm referencing the name nodemon Vyron mint.
If we scroll on up, you'll see my name is no dash environment.
So that matches that one and that gets us to this.
So if we scroll back to the top again notice there's no config map in here.
Instead, what they did is they added it separately.
Notice this app production environment here,
and this is what they added annual notice.
It's pretty close to what I did.
They have their data in a different position,
but really it's the same thing and there's no reason I
couldn't have kept what they did.
I chose to kind of simplify it,
but that's something that it automatically converted,
which is super nice.
It even did the config.
Maps for us made that nice and easy to work with.
Now we could keep going into all the others that are in the final,
but they're all pretty much the same story.
These services, I just simplified.
I remove some of the metadata and other than that we could
now come on in and run the final version.
If we wanted by just doing a kubectl apply cache F and then I'd go to K
s and that would run that that would get it going.
And you've already seen the apps, so I won't run it again.
Then when we're done, we could delete that and that will clean it up.
So that was the process for using composed to generate the
Yamil that you see up here in the K s folder.
And it really simplifies that process of moving from Docker Compose into our kubernetes resource files.